feat: new introductory javascript project (#54305)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/660ef0f7c4b8e68ccd1f0786.md

---
id: 660ef0f7c4b8e68ccd1f0786
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> JavaScript has eight primitive data types. `String` is one of the primitive data types. A <dfn>string</dfn> in JavaScript represents a series of characters, and is denoted with single (`'`) or double (`"`) quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript includes eight primitive data types, with `String` being one of them. In JavaScript, a <dfn>string</dfn> represents a sequence of characters and can be enclosed in either single (`'`) or double (`"`) quotes.
```

> JavaScript has eight primitive data types, with `String` being one of them. In JavaScript, a <dfn>string</dfn> represents a sequence of characters and can be enclosed in either single (`'`) or double (`"`) quotes.

Author: Oops I definitely miscounted.

> Note that strings are <dfn>immutable</dfn>, meaning they cannot be altered once created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that strings are <dfn>immutable</dfn>, which means once they are created, they cannot be changed.
```

Change your `"Hello"` string to use single quotes.

# --hints--

You should not have double quotes in your code.

```js
assert.notMatch(code, /"/);
```

You should use single quotes for your `"Hello"` string.

```js
assert.match(code, /'Hello'/);
```

You should still use `let` in your code.

```js
assert.match(code, /let/);
```

You should still declare a `character` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+character/);
```

Your `character` variable should still have the string `"Hello"` for its value.

```js
assert.equal(character, "Hello");
```

Your statement should still end with a semi-colon.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+character\s+=\s+'Hello';/)

> ```

Author: I will move forward with making semi-colons optional, but I'm going to push back against that stance in the issue.
